Add span processor configuration to monitor distro (#120437)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/includes/azure-monitor-app-insights-opentelemetry-faqs.md

For ASP.NET Core, Java, Node.js, and Python, we recommend using the OpenTelemetry distro. It's one line of code to get started.

For all other .NET scenarios (like classic ASP.NET, Console apps etc.), we recommend using the .NET Azure Monitor OpenTelemetry exporter: `Azure.Monitor.OpenTelemetry.Exporter`.

> For more complex Python telemetry scenarios that require advanced configuration, we recommend using the Python [Azure Monitor OpenTelemetry Exporter](https://learn.microsoft.com/python/api/overview/azure/monitor-opentelemetry-exporter-readme?view=azure-python-preview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more complex Python telemetry scenarios that require advanced configuration, we recommend using the Python [Azure Monitor OpenTelemetry Exporter](/python/api/overview/azure/monitor-opentelemetry-exporter-readme?view=azure-python-preview&preserve-view=true).
```

> For more complex Python telemetry scenarios that require advanced configuration, we recommend using the Python [Azure Monitor OpenTelemetry Exporter](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/overview/azure/monitor-opentelemetry-exporter-readme?view=azure-python-preview).

Reviewer 2: We must remove "en-us" from the URL in order to merge.
